warnings on Vermont pre-computed a I'm
going to show you how to create and
restore facial volumes full knowledge of
the places where volume tends to be lost
and which areas tend to need filling in
cuneta
the first won't fit for this it is
important to be familiar with three
anatomical zones namely the prophase a
zone which ages less and loses little in
volume on our year behind the metaphase
located in front of the ear eye they do
that - with two special attachments of
this mass which will increase fixation
this is also a zone which does not age
as much and is less susceptible to
collapse
lemis FS the third is the misser face
where volume tends to be lost this is in
the middle outside the line of five and
in front of the tragus of the ear and
this is where we'll get some volume
Luke with Sina Adi Shakti avec beginning
at the top at sharpies pad where the
eyebrow turns down the cheek Keva this
the malar fat which progressively
descends to divide in two at the Mallo
Jugal groove and gives the upper edge of
the nasolabial fold and the famous tear
zone valid Alam II labuda beitia and
bishops bow which descends slightly and
gives the jowls one by the problem do
this subject does not have any
particular problem with ptosis although
there is volume loss with flattening of
the upper cheek and some hollowing below
all fair they will you mess up we are
therefore going to recreate some volume
in the eyebrows death-metal may laugh at
enter the hallowed cheek
[Music]
check the pork really volume we are
going to begin by restoring the subjects
volumes the first being chopped is bad
this is usually a small ball a fatty
tissue located in the external third of
the arch which by virtue of its volume
keeps the tail of the eyebrow slightly
lifted using on the palm ba-blap pookums
as he pull adequately duplos we grip the
skin like this to lift it away from the
underlying bone breast the right hand
holding the syringe on the skin for
stability and inject in contact with the
bone gradually pulling back the for
somewhere for God they're looking
checked a very small volume of the order
of 0.2 to 0.3 milliliters there at the
end of the injection model with the hand
and as you can already see the tail of
the eyebrow is slightly higher on the
treated side khadijah legacy diligently
would you put the objective this gives
more surface area to the upper eyelid a
local area
Opeth on speed then we move on to
injection of the upper cheek and the
famous tears on here again pull the skin
back gently hold with the other fingers
and inject deeply as like the important
girl from there inject small volumes of
the product in a fan pattern gradually
pulling back working on the petite
quantity the volume on Yvonne Tyler you
can take care not to inject too close to
the surface so fast then massage
thoroughly to spread the product around
as evenly as possible
Roberta loop og the ref atomic fusion
Percival
I'm vegan for injection the low root can
also be used going as far as contact
with the malar bone below the orbicular
the Ross Malaya on the from the Raleigh
clear Cynthia thank Lee this is to
create a bigger volume because the
product will be covered by a bulkier
massive tissue the remelted the
supervillains don't clowns or the form
will always be more aesthetically
pleasing and smooth the coupons latinas
own leisure mounted in the course of
injection if you notice a depressed
patch go deeper and inject product to
increase the volume at the surface would
be the giver zoom on Tiruvannamalai
yourself like this only volume when you
create volume in the cheek that is to
fill out hollowing we follow a grid this
means passing the length of the needles
bevel at an angle of 45 degrees and
injecting parallel to the surface of the
skin on a direct parallel apoo this
region is less and east advised and
therefore slightly more sensitive
here we add product to ensure continuity
with the upper cheek welcome continued
these are the Clipper med
as we did ten with a finger inside the
mouth the product is spread out using
the thumb and index fingers index didn't
you do the work you got me yeah this
might cause some pain but it is the best
way of spreading the product around
so given all the very easy and treatment
doula so we just treated the right hand
side of the face and as you can see the
injection of a very small amount of
product into the eyebrow has already
resulted in significant remodeling of
the face I don't mean if you consume the
right side of which is substantially
fuller than the left side you put it a
while
could you critical
[Music]